Included "intro" section of guide into here. (#4)
snapcrafters/.github: profile/README.md

You've found the Snapcrafters. We are a group of Snap Package enthusiasts and stake-holders working together to bring apps and services to the Snap Store for Linux.

> ## What is ‘Snapcrafters’?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is 'Snapcrafters'?
```

> The “Snapcrafters” publisher in the Snap Store is a community of people who maintain snaps of applications that are not their own. Our goal is to be a trusted and reliable source for high-quality snaps.

Reviewer: Can we replace these "pretty" quotes with standard quotes for consistency when we edit later - these have been inserted by the copy+paste from gdocs.

```suggestion
The "Snapcrafters" publisher in the Snap Store is a community of people who maintain snaps of applications that are not their own. Our goal is to be a trusted and reliable source for high-quality snaps.
```

> - Similar to traditional distributions, we use formal processes to maintain snaps so updates are tested and high-quality before they reach users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Similar to traditional distributions, we use formal processes to maintain snaps so that updates are tested and high-quality before they reach users.
```

> - We share maintenance workload over multiple people so there isn’t a single point of failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We share maintenance workload over multiple people so there isn't a single point of failure.
```

> - We share knowledge and work on tooling to improve the quality of snaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We share knowledge and work on tooling to improve the quality of the whole Snap ecosystem.
```

- We vet contributors before they get publishing rights.

> - We work with the upstream application developers to transfer snap ownership to them if/when they are interested in taking over maintenance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We work with the upstream application developers to transfer snap ownership to them when they are interested in taking over maintenance.
```

> Having the upstream application developer maintain and publish a snap for their application is preferred but not always possible. If the developers are not (yet) interested in maintaining the snap, we fill the gap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having the upstream application developer maintain and publish a snap for their application is preferred but not always possible. If the developers are not yet interested in maintaining the snap, we fill the gap.
```

## Who is part of it?

> Our formal community is split into three groups. “Regular members” contribute to the snaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our formal community is split into three groups:
- "Regular members" contribute to the snaps.
```

> “Core members” are the leaders of the group and drive development and maintenance of the snaps. “Administrators” are core members with full access to the account in the Snap Store and the GitHub repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "Core members" are the leaders of the group and drive development and maintenance of the snaps.
- "Administrators" are core members with full access to the account in the Snap Store and the GitHub repositories.
```

**Core members**

> - Are “drivers” of certain snaps. This means they lead the effort to maintain that snap. They triage issues, fix bugs and rebuild the snap when there are security updates. See the Snapcrafters snaps tracker for a list of who drives what snap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Are "drivers" of one or more specific Snapcrafters snaps. This means they lead the effort to maintain those snaps. They triage issues, fix bugs, and rebuild the snap when there are security updates. See the Snapcrafters snaps tracker for a list of who drives what snap.
```

> - Create and review pull requests to the snaps. To minimize potential mistakes and improve the overall quality of our snaps, we mandate a PR and one review for any change, even if it comes from drivers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create and review pull requests to the snaps. To minimize potential mistakes and improve the overall quality of our snaps, we mandate a PR and one review for any change, even if it comes from a "driver".
```

> - Help build and define the different processes we use in Snapcrafters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Help build and define the Snapcrafters processes.
```

- Meet on a periodic basis with other Snapcrafters to discuss the processes.
- Vet the inclusion of new members to the pool of core members.

**Administrators**
- Administrators are core members who have full access to the GitHub organization and the Snapcrafters publisher in the store.
- Give new core members the required privileges.

> - Help in transferring snaps to upstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Help in transferring snaps to their upstream developers.
```

**Regular members**
- Contribute pull requests.
- Report issues and bugs.
- Run tests for new builds or revisions.
- Help automate processes.

Anyone can be a regular member and contribute to our snaps in this way. We only make the distinction so you, the contributor, can see some of the things you could do to help.

### Core member responsibilities

> - Responsible for following Snapcrafter defined processes and guidelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Responsible for following the Snapcrafters processes and guidelines.
```

> - Participate in the monthly Snapcrafters group meeting - either in person or asynchronously on the forum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Participate in the monthly Snapcrafters group meeting - either in person or asynchronously on the forum.
```

> - Participate in the approval of new snapcrafters. Even if that’s just an acknowledgment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Participate in the approval of new Snapcrafters. Even if that's just an acknowledgment.
```

> ### Snapcrafter expectations/rules of engagement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Snapcrafters expectations and rules
```

- You will have access to the snap repo for a project that is likely not your own. You have a duty of care to ensure that any pushes to stable are tested.

> - The snapcrafters quorum during the monthly meet can arrange to change the process, elect new snapcrafters or remove snapcrafters with consensus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Snapcrafters quorum during the monthly meeting can arrange to change the process, elect new Snapcrafters, or remove Snapcrafters.
```

> - Before stepping away from Snapcrafters make intentions clear so those snaps can be re-homed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Before stepping away from Snapcrafters, make your intentions clear so your snaps can be re-homed.
```

### How to become a Snapcrafter

> To become a core member of snapcrafters you must be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To become a core member of Snapcrafters you must be:
```

> - A member of the Snapcraft forum for at least 6 months, and in good standing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A member of the [Snapcraft forum](https://forum.snapcraft.io/) for at least six months, and in good standing.
```

- An active participant in the forum.

> - An active maintainer of at least 1 snap in their own name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An active maintainer of at least one snap in your own name.
```

> - Vouched for by one of the admins or other existing Snapcrafters core members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sponsored by an admin or an existing Snapcrafters core member.
```

> If you fit these criteria or have a strong argument why you should be considered anyway then create a new topic on the forum and tell us - and the rest of the community - about your snaps, the Snapcrafter snaps 4 you would like to take on (ideally you have familiarity with the snaps in questions), and the different ways of contribution and participation you’d like to be involved in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you fit these criteria or have a strong argument why you should be considered anyway then create a new topic on the forum and tell us, and the rest of the community, about your snaps. Also tell us the Snapcrafters snaps that you would like to take on. Ideally you have familiarity with the snaps you request. State the different ways of contribution and participation you’d like to be involved in.
```

> After that, we’ll be in touch to discuss administrative access and co-ordinate your first Snapcrafters meetings! Woo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After your have been approved, we will be in touch to discuss administrative access and co-ordinate your first Snapcrafters meeting.
```
